Update README.md (#237)
safe-global/safe-docs: safe-core-sdk/safe-apps/README.md

There are already Safe Apps available for a number of popular protocols such as [Aave](https://aave.com), [Synthetix](https://synthetix.io), [1inch](https://1inch.exchange) or [Balancer](https://balancer.finance). These have been build by 3rd party developers or the projects themselves.

> If you are missing a Safe App, get in touch with the respective project or get building with the [Safe Apps SDK](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-docs/tree/main/safe-core-sdk/safe-apps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are missing a Safe App, get in touch with the respective project or get building with the [Safe Apps SDK](./get-started.md).
```
